Test Pilot Collective User License Agreement-----------------------------------------By downloading, purchasing, or installing Test Pilot Collective fonts, you accept theterms and conditions of this license agreement.  In return for a license touse Test Pilot Collective fonts, you agree to the following terms and conditions.1.	Uses that are OK:  Test Pilot Collective licenses each font for use on oneprinter or output device linked with a maximum of two computers at onelocation.  You agree to use Test Pilot Collective fonts solely for your own businessor personal purposes.2.	No unauthorized copying:  You may not copy or duplicate Test Pilot Collectivefonts in any form (except for backup purposes) unless you get written permissionfrom Test Pilot Collective.  If you need to use a Test Pilot Collective font on morethan two computers, contact Test Pilot Collective at info@testpilotcollective.com and we will quote you a price based on the number of computers and output devices.3.	Uses that are NOT OK:  You are not allowed to adapt, embed, translate,modify, reverse engineer or create derivitive works based on Test Pilot Collectivefonts.  Test Pilot Collective specializes in custom fonts on a regular basis.Contact us at info@testpilotcollective.com for more info on custom Test Pilot Collective fonts.4.	Who owns what:  Test Pilot Collective retains title and ownership of the fontsand all subsequent copies of the software, wherever those copies may exist.Except as stated above, this Agreement does not grant you any rights tointellectual property rights in the fonts.5.	Credit where credit's due:  You agree to acknowledge Test Pilot Collective asthe trademark and copyright owner of Test Pilot Collective fonts and list the TestPilot Collective font names whenever design, production, or other credits are shown.You agree not to infringe on Test Pilot Collective's trademarks or tradenames.6.	Limited warranty for a 'borrowed' font:  Test Pilot Collective makes no warrantiesexpressed or implied as to merchantability, fitness for a particularpurpose, or otherwise.  Test Pilot Collective does not warrant the performance orresults you get from using the software. It is free.7.	Terms:  This license is effective until terminated.  Test Pilot Collective hasthe right to terminate your license immediately if you fail to comply with anyterm of this agreement.  Within 10 days after termination of this agreement, you agree to destroy all copies of the licensed font and to certify to Test Pilot Collective by e-mail at info@testpilotcollective.com that you have done so.8.	Limit of liability:  In no event will Test Pilot Collective be liable to youfor any consequential or incidental damages, including any lost revenue,profits, goodwill or savings, or for any claim by any third party.Test Pilot Collective3010 Hennepin Ave. So. Suite 159Minneapolis, MN 55408 USAinfo@testpilotcollective.com(612) 870-7213http://www.testpilotcollective.com